# deep_learning_with_keras_translation_to_Farsi
I translated the 7th chapter of the book [The Deep Learning with Keras Workshop](https://www.amazon.com/Deep-Learning-Keras-Workshop-network-ebook/dp/B08Q8JJ45N/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=The%20Deep%20Learning%20with%20Keras%20Workshop&qid=1611054389&sr=8-1&utm_source=GitHub&utm_medium=Repository&utm_campaign=9781801071185&utm_term=Deep%20Learning%20with%20Keras&utm_content=The%20Deep%20Learning%20with%20Keras%20Workshop), published by [Packt](https://www.packtpub.com/?utm_source=github) to Farsi. The github repository for all the supporting project files can be found [here](https://github.com/PacktWorkshops/The-Deep-Learning-with-Keras-Workshop) 
# About the Book 
The fundamental concepts of machine learning are introduced using the scikit-learn package in the Deep Learning with Keras Workshop. Following this, the linear transformations necessary for building neural networks are performed. The first neural network is then built using the Keras library. As progress is made, the construction of multi-layer neural networks is learned, along with the ability to recognize when a model is underfitting or overfitting the training data. Practical exercises are employed to use cross-validation techniques for model evaluation, and optimal hyperparameters are chosen to fine-tune performance. Finally, recurrent neural networks are explored, and the training of these networks to predict values in sequential data is learned.
# Chapter 7: Computer Vision with Convolutional Neural Networks
In this chapter, an introduction to computer vision and the various industries where it is utilized will be provided. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), the most widely used neural networks for image processing, will also be covered. CNNs, like neural networks, are composed of neurons that receive inputs processed using weighted sums and activation functions. However, unlike ANNs, which use vectors as inputs, CNNs use images. Detailed study of CNNs will be undertaken in this chapter, along with associated concepts such as max pooling, flattening, feature maps, and feature selection. Keras will be used to run image processing algorithms on real-life images.
